**Belladonna's Records**
I. 
1   
    Father has a lot of axioms. But mother pays the most attention to one. "Consumarre set Coniungi." To complete, is <em>to unite.</em> The exemplar of completion, of course, is consummation of marriage.

    That much is not lost on me. I am the completion of both mother and father, and I'm proud of it. 

    But it feels rather insidious to me, sometimes. I have a great nose like my mother. When I'm near people, like a scent, I can understand their potential, their <em>completed form.</em> Everything they could be. 

    Or everything they could be a part of. 

2
    Sometimes I wonder how many go through the world completely unaware of the hint of mythic blood in them. I'm half dryad, so my lineage is apparent to me. But so many of our new citizens who come in, many of them are not even magi. 

    They come less in search of Sophia, and more for a new start. We promise them things. Sometimes we offer them things. I'm afraid that, perhaps behind my back, my mother and father threaten them with things. 

    But I'm too small of a person to protect every single person who comes here. If I can protect anyone, it would be the children. 



II. Within Record II Mother did that horrible thing with the bleeding cone again 
III.d
IV. 
V. 
VI. 
VII. 
VIII. d


test where is it now damn listen now
here we
In belladonna's diary. one diary entry sounds like she's just whining about a bad meal. but it's not 'i ate with mother.' it's :'i ate mother.'
it's now' hm. why only there? 
The reason Hana kills her mother is because kurakiri got in her head. Yes! Perfect.full circle. She got it in hanas head that her mother was going to kill her . This is what leads to so much of claries self loathing. It wasnt entirely unjustified. She hated eris who was also a shitty person. Maybe she thought things would just somehow get better 
testdoes 
Hanaris and eris's nose. It lets them sniff out potential. It lets them sniff out fantastical creatures hiding among the populace Hana travels with her mother a
Those children... shouldn't we just end their suffering?
earthy

//
Hana knows better eventually, but keeps playing Judas goat. Tries to kill her mother. Terrified of being killed herself. Therefore thinks it's best if the children can simply be put to sleep before... like lambs. Hana was forced to eat her mother. Compelled to eat it magically? 'A dish you can't stop eating, even if you want to. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.'